Release notes xc16 beta2 (#504)
bitrise-io/stacks: content/changelogs/osx-xcode-16.0.x-edge.md

## Updates

### Stack update `v2024-06-26`

> - Update of the stack with, replacing Xcode 16.0 Beta 1 with [Xcode 16.0 Beta 2](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-16-release-notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Xcode 16.0 Beta 2](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode-release-notes/xcode-16-release-notes) replaces Beta 1.
- Homebrew package upgrades
- Default Ruby version change: `3.2` -> `3.3` (`3.2` remains installed)
- Node.js 21 has been removed as it reached its end of life
```
